two weeks ago we passed a million
subscribers and although we got to
celebrate with our close friends we
wanted to have the proper celebration
with some of the people who made it
happen our subscribers so to choose who
would fly out to go on an adventure with
us we challenged our Instagram followers
to do one random act of kindness that
day and post it to their story and the
responses you guys thousands of you put
so much love and kindness into the world
that day and we ended up picking five of
you from three different countries to
come join us on a mystery adventure all
right let me introduce you to the five
subscribers joining us through a bunch
of random facts we learned about them
this is Kaitlyn she spent the last two
years working in South Africa in Nigeria
and somehow managed to have lunch with
Mark Zuckerberg such in its a
neuroscience major and also happens to
be a DJ and an actor Matt
Oh Mohammed as a photojournalist who's
raised over $300,000 with his friends
for Syrian refugees around the world and
Amy's a talented singer who's decided to
spend her 20th birthday with an entire
group of strangers but finally Clara
she's a student entrepreneur filmmaker
who flew all the way from Iceland was
made a film that Brad Pitt
said he liked I know that this group of
people sound way too good to be true but
we've literally load all of these facts
after they arrived flora landed
literally like 40 minutes ago came from
the airport to the house and then I
brought her to Whole Foods to meet the
rest of the spot who should be checking
out right now hey guys everybody is
officially here we've got 5 out of 5
this is the dinner before the big
adventure tomorrow no one knows anything
about what's actually going down
tomorrow morning and I arrived there
we're gonna tell you what we're doing is
just for youth in London 6 a.m. up there
all right we are 15 minutes away from
where supply said there's like this
awkward silence in the car right now
nobody knows what to expect everybody is
deep in thought
hey guys feel chill out where we're
going this was one of the first things
that we did when we move to California
we'll go down books is one of the most
thrilling things we've ever done
together and I'm very excited to have
you guys join us doing this today so
what's gonna happen is we're gonna hike
six miles into this forest until we get
to an abandoned bridge that was built 28
years ago and now we're actually gonna
jump off of it but you jump straight
down there's a dude that came and kind
of if you were gonna die this is the
snow so if you have extra gear bring it
if not we always have some spare gear
that we have from past customers that
didn't make it you guys can wear that
I feel like a man five-star treatment
for the intern
ever see I've been walking for four days
might have keep these plants very
nutritious very delicious
documentary sometimes you have to commit
to eating the wolf extremists very
nutritious as well tastes a little nutty
but very good for the skin these guys
all right we're arriving because I'm
gonna see the bridge for the first time
right they're coming in
[Music]
do this crazy wait don't mind the pine
yeah we'll get it off you know before
you like die I got a kiss that feeling
is definitely hitting me right now
wanna look I'm just gonna dope oh my god
that's a big boulder
so excited there's no get in between
crimes to closing is too far I can't
thank for everyone that has been asking
for an addiction feeling compound about
this yes sir let's do it the best part
about this is we hit the real it's gonna
be jump at your target
if you jump at the wrong target you will
smash into a bridge full speed
guaranteed okay but for whatever reason
you have a crazy idea and you go the
opposite way well you're gonna meet a
bridge and maybe god
I don't know scale one to ten one means
like I'm gonna do this no problem I'll
jump without a harness 10 is like I
don't know why do I don't wanna be here
what are you that's not a number when
did you pick one well that would be high
for two to just strong eight so much
honest I saw like one half will see
everyone's numbers change and they're
standing on this tiny little pile of it
so do it and I love you
what are you these why didn't you take
with you trails mommy feels think I made
it yet I think this is it Oh Oh an
efficient way now I'm skip
freaking out now damn it I'm gonna
freakin shark jumping off a bridge what
am i doing oh my god
[Music]
Wow
I know
wait where's the injured hey you have
adjunct yet you want me alive don't have
another one of the lawyers we won't know
until you go I'm 20 years old today four
three two
[Music]
I'm gonna pretend the hoist is broken
stop working stop working yes oh you
know I will just turn it back on it
never gets old really got nine out of
nine no everybody's like you like I'm
the loss of words I'd like what to say
that you can express like this moment of
us to be celebrating like our biggest
master in all of our careers and have
that be a joint celebration with you
guys that I meant the world to us so
yeah we hope you had fun you hope that
would just push you to say yes more
yeah
[Music]